Understanding the Layout of the Output
Now that we know how many
columns are in the table,
we can use this information to extract
further data with a UNION statement.
Unions allow us to add a second select
statement to the original query,
extending our capability,
but each select statement must
return the same number of columns.
We know the query selects three
columns based on our enumeration.
However, only two columns are
displayed on the webpage.
Our next step is to determine
which columns are displayed.
If we use a union to extract useful data,
we want to make sure the
data will be displayed.
We need to better understand our output
so we can begin to build a
meaningful database extraction.
First, let’s get an idea of which columns
are being displayed in the page.
We will use a UNION to do this.
We can specify literal values instead
of looking up values from a table.
Since we have three columns,
we will add “union all select
1, 2, 3” to our payload.
This new select state will return one row
with three columns with
values of 1, 2, and 3.
We can see that column one isn’t displayed,
column two is displayed in the name field,
and column three is displayed in the Comment field.
The Comment field has more space
so this is a logical spot for our
future exploit’s output.